Miss Shen Shen
I know wrong
The neighbor is wrong and wants me to let it go
Someone take it down
Surprise him on the hour
Miss Shen
I know I was wrong, I really know I was wrong, Miss Shen
Miss Shen Uh Miss Shen
Hello Miss Shen
My husband is Shen Lang
He said you invited him over
He was taken to guard by the security captain just now
Please help him after seeing it.
Got it.
Don't follow me.
Shen Lang, right?
Tell us all about how you got in
If you dare to talk nonsense
Yes, hello, I will eat.
I told you before.
I don't need an invitation
Fucking take us for fools
How many brothers are on?
Teach him a lesson
What the hell?
Pretend to be in front of me
Stop